# Final-Assignment
This project will touch on topics such as advancements in technology that led to deforestation and extinction of many plants and animals. This will be broken up by exhibits. The first exhibit will talk about the advancements and discoveries that were made that led to the way of life that society lives in the future. This will lead into the next exhibit which will discuss the changes these advancements have made. Examples being, extinction of many plants and animals, deforestation, the change in societal norms,etc. This is something I wanted to touch on because sometimes we get so caught up in the newest advancements that are made that we don’t consider or even care about the consequences. Our environment has been collateral damage for humanities advancements for centuries. I always think back to how many animals are now extinct and what percentage of them were caused by humans. This project will touch on topics such as advancements in technology that led to deforestation and extinction of many plants and animals. This will be broken up by exhibits. The first exhibit will talk about the advancements and discoveries that were made that led to the way of life that society lives in the future. This will lead into the next exhibit which will discuss the changes these advancements have made. Examples being, extinction of many plants and animals, deforestation, the change in societal norms,etc. This is something I wanted to touch on because sometimes we get so caught up in the newest advancements that are made that we don’t consider or even care about the consequences. Our environment has been collateral damage for humanities advancements for centuries. I always think back to how many animals are now extinct and what percentage of them were caused by humans. 
